DOC Add email section to server requirements (#10064)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/00_Getting_Started/00_Server_Requirements.md

* [Vagrant with silverstripe-australia/vagrant-environment](https://github.com/silverstripe-australia/vagrant-environment)
* [Vagrant with BetterBrief/vagrant-skeleton](https://github.com/BetterBrief/vagrant-skeleton)

### Email

> New installations of Silverstripe CMS are automatically configured to use a `sendmail` binary.  By default it will look in `/usr/sbin/sendmail` and is this configurable via `sendmail_path` in `php.ini`. Alternatively email can be configured to use SMTP or other mail transports instead of sendmail.
> 
> You _must_ ensure emails are being sent from your _production_ environment. You can do this by testing that the
> "Lost password" form available at `/Security/lostpassword` sends an email to your inbox, or with the following code
> snippet:

Reviewer: > is this configurable via `sendmail_path` in `php.ini`

That's not true. `sendmail_path` configures where the PHP `mail` function looks for `sendmail`. `Swift_SendmailTransport` doesn't care about it.

I also think we need to clarify that you need to use the installer for sendmail to be the default transport. Technically, the default is still the mail transport layer.

```suggestion
Silverstripe CMS uses SwitfMailer to send email messages. New Silverstripe CMS project created via `silverstripe/installer` are automatically configured to use a `sendmail` binary.  By default, SwiftMailer will look in `/usr/sbin/sendmail`. Alternatively email can be configured to use SMTP or other mail transports instead of sendmail.

You _must_ ensure emails are being sent from your _production_ environment. You can do this by testing that the
***Lost password*** form available at `/Security/lostpassword` sends an email to your inbox, or with the following code
snippet:
```

Author: Updated, I used some slightly different words though it's basically the same

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

Author: Updated

> $email = new Email('no-reply@mydomain.com', 'myuser@gmail.com', 'My test subject', 'My email body text');

Reviewer 2: Probably should add `->send()` to this test snippet 😄

Author: Updated
